Acrolinx 1/27 (#16860)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dependencies.md

Adding a dependency that is available only in a specific target is done using conditions like in the following example:

```xml
<PackageReference Include="PACKAGE_ID" Version="PACKAGE_VERSION" Condition="'$(TargetFramework)' == 'netcoreapp2.1'" />
```

The above means that the dependency will only be valid if the build is happening for that given target. The `$(TargetFramework)` in the condition is an MSBuild property that is being set in the project. For most common .NET Core applications, you will not need to do this.

## Add a dependency to the project

Adding a dependency to your project is straightforward. Here is an example of how to add Json.NET version `9.0.1` to your project. Of course, it is applicable to any other NuGet dependency.

When you open your project file, you will see two or more `<ItemGroup>` nodes. You will notice that one of the nodes already has `<PackageReference>` elements in it. You can add your new dependency to this node, or create a new one; it is up to you, as the result will be the same.

> In this example, we'll use the default template that's dropped by `dotnet new console`. This is a simple console application. When you open up the project, you'll find the `<ItemGroup>` with already existing `<PackageReference>` in it. Add the following to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the default template that's dropped by `dotnet new console`. This is a simple console application. When you open up the project, you'll find the `<ItemGroup>` with already existing `<PackageReference>` in it. Add the following to it:
```
